James TODO:

1. SRS - software requirements specification, a description of a software system to be developed. It is modeled after business requirements specification, also known as a stakeholder requirements specification.

2. Class Diagram - describes the structure of a system by showing the system's classes, their attributes, operations, and the relationships among objects

3. Sequence Diagram - shows object interactions arranged in time sequence. It depicts the objects involved in the scenario and the sequence of messages exchanged between the objects needed to carry out the functionality of the scenario.

4. Use Case: Actors, triggers, Precondition, Post-condition, Normal Flow, Alternate Flow, 

HTML Pages Needed:
	Register Page
	Sign-in Page
	Home Page - User - Used to see all clients - Dashboard
	Home Page - Client - Used to view updates with case - Dashboard
	Home Page - Admin - Used to view all users and clients - Dashboard
	Profile Page - User
	Profile Page - Client 
	Profile Page - Admin
	About Page
	Contact Us Page
	Terms of Service Page
	Privacy Page
	Client Page - Shows list of current clients 
	Client Detail Page - Shows clients profile page - have import function
	Payment Page 
	Question Pages (1-31) This will show all the possible questions
	
	

Questions:
1. Do we want to have the client submit a ticket (such as a question or update their profile info) to the user?
	If so, we can create a page just for the client, to see their profile data and update if needed.  Also,	submit a question to the user via email.
2. Do we want a page to request a demo?
3. Do we want a page to walkthrough the User to learn the program?
4. Where do we want to deploy the code? I have used Azure, but its expensive.  I would suggest deploy it remotely from home till we can test and determine any bugs.
5. Do we have any testers lined up? We need people that aren't familiar witht he code and people that can try and break it.  This takes time and effort to log every bug, something to think about.
6. 



Notes:
1. Need to add UserID to ClientID database
2. Need to create classes
3. Need to add last login date in database, log book of every action for admin to trace (such as failed and successful attempts, errors, encrypted POSTS, GETS
4. Add admin table to database to capture logbook 
5. 

